## 0.14 (06 Jul 2025)

### Security
- 

### Added
- kernel: Much improved support for `kernel.h` functions.
- linking: Better handling of relocations.
- tests: Built code is tested through the build service.
- ctypes: New `is<type>` ctypes functions.
- stdlib: New implementations of `strerror`, `perror`.
- string: New implementations of `strpbrk`.
- kernel: New implementations of `_kernel_hostos`, `_kernel_osrdch`, `_kernel_oswrch`, `_kernel_osfind`, `_kernel_osargs`, `_kernel_osgbpb`, `_kernel_osword`.
- math: New implementations of `labs`.
- stdio: New implementations of `setbuf`, `setvbuf` (stub functions).
- stdio: New implementations of `fgetpos`, `fsetpos`, `rewind`.
- stdio: New implementations of `ungetc` (single character supported).
- stdio: New implementations of `clearerr`, `ferror` (stub functions).

### Changed
- stdio: `errno` should be set on the FS functions.
- linking: `addsignatures` and `mkreloc` tools now report syntax messages.
- linking: Linker scripts now use more consistent naming conventions.
- stdio: `stdin`, `stdout`, and `stderr` can now be closed (although they will still work).

### Fixed
- linking: `addsignatures` handles the binary files properly (previously could omit large numbers of signatures from files).
- stdio: `snprintf` should now correctly terminate rather than overrun buffers.
- kernel: `_kernel_setenv` now deletes variables (previously would access zero page).
- stdio: `fread` returns the correct item count when the item size is not 1.

### Removed
- 
