## 0.16 (12 Jul 2025)

### Security
- 

### Added
- math: New implementation of `atan2`, `atan2f`, `atan2l`
- math: New implementation of `fmod`, `fmodf`, `fmodl`
- math: New implementation of `modf`, `modff`, `modfl`
- string: New implementation of `atol`
- stdio: New implementation of `freopen`
- stdio: New implementation of `tmpfile`

### Changed
- tests: Regression tests can be run in CI with reporting (previously tests were run but it was a pass-or-fail state).
- stdio: I/O system has been reworked to be easier to extend, and to support `freopen`.
- linking: Utilities using `.bss` sections should no longer be faulted (the zero-initialisation area is appended to the binary).
- string: `strpbrk` has much better performance for 2 character search strings.
- string: `strcspn` has much better performance for 2 and 3 character search strings.
- stdio: `printf` of strings should be more efficient for simple strings.
- kernel: Backtraces on failures will now look further for the function names.
- environment: Command line arguments in quotes are now handled (and escaping with `\"` works).
- stdio: `tmpnam` now falls back to using `$` if `<Wimp$ScrapDir>` isn't set and `$.tmp` does not exist.
- stdio: The old special `stdin`, `stdout` and `stderr` handles are now given proper `FILE` objects, and so should not cause problems for some functions.
- stdio: File operations which are inappropriate for the mode of the file (eg write to a file opened for reading) are now faulted.
- string: `memcpy` optimised to not use a bare byte copy.
- environment: Library initialisation performance improvements.

### Fixed
- kernel: `_kernel_osfile` no longer crashes (previously would pass the wrong register to the SWI).
- kernel: `kernel.h` now includes `_kernel_system` function prototype.
- memory: `realloc` now copies the correct amount of data to the new region when the default o1heap is used (previously would overrun the new buffer if the memory was reduced).
- stdio: File handles are now closed on application exit (previously would not close the files at all).
- stdio: `puts` no longer crashes if passed `NULL`.
- stdio: `fputs` now includes the trailing newline after the written string.

### Removed
- 
